If you were to have written this for
Loop, I'll write it here and
just comment it out.
But if you were to use this with i,
Another thing, so we could have said,
the hard coded constant value.
But another way, sometimes you
won't have those values defined,
you have a method that accepts an array,
you don't know what this array has in it.
So you can do something like array.length,
and
that'll give you the number of elements
that's in that array, and then i++.
And then inside of here I would
have just printed out ticket,
no, not ticket, it's called array, right?
Array i+, and then this little pipe thing.
So I would have accessed
the element by its index.
So this is another way to do it.
I'll just comment it out.
Okay?
Questions on arrays?
Pretty clear?
Why did we use the do while
instead of a while here?
>> Cuz you wanted it to run at least once.
>> Yeah, we want to run at least once.
So you see, there are valid cases.
So when people are like, well,
why ever use a do while?
I have a little problem with that, this
makes logical sense to do that, right?
Why would I search to see if
the number has been there,
if I haven't even generated
the number first, all right.
>> What did you do to make the numbers
pronounced the same line again?
>> Yeah, instead of print in,
it's just print, yeah.
>> I guess there is one, are the terms
mutable and immutable used in Java?
>> Yes.
>> Kinda related to the constant?
>> They are, and we actually gonna
talk about immutability in this very
next section I'm gonna go over,
but yes, they do exist in Java.
>> The other part is,
right now we're going between 1 and 68, so
I think that's what we could also just.
>> Very good, okay, great.
So, all right.
So, what's your name?
>> Dave.
>> Dave pointed out that this
bound here is not inclusive.
So when we said next in,
it's only gonna do one,
if origin is included, is this inclusive?
>> That's inclusive, yeah.
>> Okay, so
the first parameter is inclusive,
meaning it will be a possibility, but the
last one is a cap, meaning it will not.
So we could do something
like +1 right here.
And that way we include max ticket number,
so our bound would be 70, right?
>> That feels kinda like it works and
it feels like you're just very kludgy
in terms of how it's implemented.
>> You could change this to this,
[COUGH] 70 right here.
>> And then just have a comment about
it just saying inclusive of bounds or
something like that.
Yeah, what I would actually do,
I wouldn't do a origin.
What I would do personally,
I would do max number,
let it just create it and
then I will do +1.
>> Okay, that feels a little bit better.
>> Like that?
And the reason I would do that is
because I don't want 0 included either.
So that really works on
either of the terms.
So create a number between 0 and 68,
69 somewhere in between it and
add add one to it, right?
That way, that's my range.
>> Java Docs.
>> Java Docs, yeah, Java Docs are great.
Just for the sake of time,
we haven't been writing any on our own.
But we should, and to create one,
it's really simple.
Right above the method
itself you would do,
I can't remember if this is slash or
backslash.
Is that back or is that front?
Whatever that is, some sort of slash,
[COUGH] with an asterisk.
And then hit enter, and
that's the closing one.
But in that Java doc, you would then
specify like, what does this method do you
have a little one line there and then
you would enter the parameters it takes,
what it returns and
a nice little description?
So that's being a good developer.
All right so, that is a race.
>> How did you access the Java doc?
>> I clicked on, [COUGH] so
let's go to a method that
this outside of our class,
the random may be.
So this random.nextInt.
I click command, hold command down and
then click it, and
that takes me into here and
you can see how the Java doc is written.
Basically, what is this?
Slash two asterisks,
and then notice it has
the comments, and
then it has the parameters.
I don't know why it has all that,
that's a lot, [LAUGH] this is a book,
here's the parameters,
so you would do @param.
And then you could specify the parameters,
a little bit of information about them,
exclusive, the upper
bound must be positive.
Those are good things to know,
that helped us in our code, right?
And whatever it'll be returned
you let them know that.
>> I bet you the Java doc for var is
probably even more convoluted given how
much the guessing it's doing other
kinds of logic you need to guide that.
[LAUGH]
>> Up there is a dark.
>> Wouldn't be?
So they usually are on methods and
var is not let's see.
>> What else we still kinda
internal logic for like-
>> Yeah, I mean there's Doc's written on,
I just don't know if it's in
the form of Java Docs, but
there I'm sure there's something on
Oracle written on it, let me see.
Yeah, there's nothing here.